lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/AdministrativeBoundary/key/boundary/value/administrative
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Boundary
rdfs:label:de	Verwaltungsgrenze
rdfs:label:tl	Hangganang Pampangangasiwa
rdfs:label:af	Administratiewe grens
rdfs:label:fi	Hallinnollinen raja
rdfs:label:dsb	Zastojnstwowa granica
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Limite Administrativo
rdfs:label:en-GB	Administrative Boundary
rdfs:label:lv	Administratīvā robeža
rdfs:label:br	Bevennoù melestradurel
rdfs:label:ka	ადმინისტრაციული საზღვარი
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Административна граница
rdfs:label:mk	Административна граница
rdfs:label:fr	Limite administrative
rdfs:label:ia	Limite administrative
rdfs:label:pl	Granica administracyjna
rdfs:label:hsb	Zarjadniska hranica
rdfs:label:nl	Administratieve grens
rdfs:label:es	Frontera administrativa
rdfs:label:ast	Llende alministrativa
rdfs:label:he	גבול איזור מנהל
rdfs:label:sl	Upravne meje
rdfs:label:ca	Administració de Fronteres
rdfs:label:et	Halduspiir
rdfs:label:lt	Administracinė riba
rdfs:label:eu	Muga Administratiboa
rdfs:label:sv	Administrativ gräns
rdfs:label:it	Confine amministrativo
rdfs:label:cs	Administrativní hranice
rdfs:label:ru	Административная граница
rdfs:label:ja	行政境界
rdfs:label:hu	Közigazgatási határ
rdfs:label:fur	Confin aministratîf
rdfs:label:tr	İdari Sınır
rdfs:label:ms	Sempadan Pentadbiran
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	行政区边界
rdfs:label:da	Administrativ grænse
rdfs:label:uk	Адміністративний кордон
rdfs:label:hr	Administrativna granica
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Administrativna granica
rdfs:label:no	Administrativ grense
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Адміністрацыйная мяжа
rdfs:label:gl	Límite administrativo
rdfs:label:vi	Biên giới Hành chính
rdfs:label:aln	Administrative kufitare
rdfs:label:ar	حدود إدارية
rdfs:label:arz	حدود إدارية
rdfs:label:sk	Administratívne hranice
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/AdministrativeBoundary
label	AdministrativeBoundary
