lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/BusStop/key/highway/value/bus_stop
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:ka	ავტობუსის გაჩერება
rdfs:label:en-GB	Bus Stop
rdfs:label:de	Bushaltestelle
rdfs:label:aln	Stacion i autobusave
rdfs:label:vi	Chỗ Đậu Xe buýt
rdfs:label:af	Bushalte
rdfs:label:nl	Bushalte
rdfs:label:cs	Autobusová zastávka
rdfs:label:ps	تمځای
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Аутобуска станица
rdfs:label:uk	Автобусна зупинка
rdfs:label:sk	Zastávka autobusu
rdfs:label:ar	موقف حافلات
rdfs:label:gl	Parada de autobús
rdfs:label:he	תחנת אוטובוס
rdfs:label:lv	Autobusa pietura
rdfs:label:tr	Otobüs durağı
rdfs:label:eu	Autobus-geraleku
rdfs:label:hsb	Busowe zastanišćo
rdfs:label:dsb	Busowe zastanišćo
rdfs:label:tl	Hintuan ng Bus
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	公交停靠站
rdfs:label:sl	Avtobusna postaja
rdfs:label:sv	Busshållplats
rdfs:label:fr	Arrêt de bus
rdfs:label:it	Fermata autobus
rdfs:label:no	Busstopp
rdfs:label:nds	Busstopp
rdfs:label:fa	ایستگاه اتوبوس
rdfs:label:myv	Бузонь лотксема тарка
rdfs:label:ia	Halto de autobus
rdfs:label:pl	Przystanek autobusowy
rdfs:label:da	Busstoppested
rdfs:label:et	Bussipeatus
rdfs:label:mk	Автобуска постојка
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Autobuska stanica
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Аўтобусны прыпынак
rdfs:label:ms	Perhentian Bas
rdfs:label:el	Στάση Λεωφορείου
rdfs:label:es	Parada de autobuses
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Ponto de ônibus
rdfs:label:ast	Parada d'autobús
rdfs:label:ca	Parada d'autobús
rdfs:label:fur	Fermade autobus
rdfs:label:lt	Autobusų stotelė
rdfs:label:fi	Bussipysäkki
rdfs:label:br	Arsav bus
rdfs:label:arz	موقف نزول/صعود من/إلى حافلات
rdfs:label:ru	Автобусная остановка
rdfs:label:hu	Buszmegálló
rdfs:label:ja	バス停
rdfs:label:hr	Autobusno stajalište
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/BusStop
label	BusStop
