lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/BusStation/key/amenity/value/bus_station
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:tl	Himpilan ng Bus
rdfs:label:fur	Stazion des corieris
rdfs:label:fi	Linja-autoasema
rdfs:label:lt	Autobusų stotis
rdfs:label:de	Busbahnhof
rdfs:label:en-GB	Bus Station
rdfs:label:gl	Estación de autobuses
rdfs:label:es	Estación de autobuses
rdfs:label:ka	ავტობუსის გაჩერება
rdfs:label:mk	Автобуска станица
rdfs:label:ms	Stesen Bas
rdfs:label:lb	Busarrêt
rdfs:label:lv	Autoosta
rdfs:label:ast	Estación d'autobús
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	公交主站
rdfs:label:uk	Автовокзал
rdfs:label:ia	Station de autobus
rdfs:label:hr	Autobusni kolodvor
rdfs:label:hu	Autóbusz-állomás
rdfs:label:no	Busstasjon
rdfs:label:he	תחנת אוטובוס
rdfs:label:aln	Stacioni i Autobusave
rdfs:label:bn	বাস স্টেশন
rdfs:label:ca	Estació d'autobusos
rdfs:label:da	Busstation
rdfs:label:sv	Busstation
rdfs:label:nl	Busstation
rdfs:label:sk	Autobusová stanica
rdfs:label:ar	محطة حافلات
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Autobuska stanica
rdfs:label:tr	Otogar
rdfs:label:et	Bussijaam
rdfs:label:hsb	Busowe dwórnišćo
rdfs:label:dsb	Busowe dwórnišćo
rdfs:label:arz	محطه حافلات
rdfs:label:vi	Trạm Xe buýt
rdfs:label:ru	Автобусная станция
rdfs:label:it	Stazione degli autobus
rdfs:label:cs	Autobusové nádraží
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Estação de Ônibus/Rodoviária
rdfs:label:is	Strætóstöð
rdfs:label:eu	Autobus-geltoki
rdfs:label:br	Arsav bus
rdfs:label:pl	Stacja autobusowa
rdfs:label:el	Σταθμός Λεωφορείου
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Аутобуска станица
rdfs:label:af	Bushalte
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Аўтобусны прыпынак
rdfs:label:ja	バス停
rdfs:label:ps	د بسونو اډه
rdfs:label:sl	Avtobusna postaja
rdfs:label:fr	Arrêt de bus
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/BusStation
label	BusStation
