lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/CarWash/key/amenity/value/car_wash
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Shop
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	洗车
rdfs:label:el	Πλύσιμο Αυτοκινήτων
rdfs:label:aln	Autolarje
rdfs:label:es	Autolavado
rdfs:label:br	Gwalc'hiñ kirri
rdfs:label:ja	洗車
rdfs:label:vi	Tiệm Rửa Xe
rdfs:label:en-GB	Car Wash
rdfs:label:is	Bílaþvottastöðin
rdfs:label:it	Autolavaggio
rdfs:label:tr	Oto Yıkama
rdfs:label:lt	Automobilių plovykla
rdfs:label:da	Bilvask
rdfs:label:no	Bilvask
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Ауто-перионица
rdfs:label:af	Karwas
rdfs:label:ca	Rentat de cotxes
rdfs:label:nl	Autowasstraat
rdfs:label:hu	Autómosó
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Lava-Carros
rdfs:label:ms	Cuci Kereta
rdfs:label:sl	Avtopralnica
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Auto-perionica
rdfs:label:de	Autowaschanlage
rdfs:label:uk	Автомийка
rdfs:label:ka	ავტოსამრეცხაო
rdfs:label:hr	Autopraonica
rdfs:label:lv	Automazgātava
rdfs:label:sk	Autoumývareň
rdfs:label:fr	Lavage de voiture
rdfs:label:eu	Auto Garbiketa
rdfs:label:ast	Llaváu de coches
rdfs:label:cs	Automyčka
rdfs:label:tl	Paliguan ng Kotse
rdfs:label:gl	Lavadoiro de coches
rdfs:label:sv	Biltvätt
rdfs:label:dsb	Awtomyjarnja
rdfs:label:he	שטיפת מכוניות
rdfs:label:hsb	Awtomyjernja
rdfs:label:ru	Автомойка
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Аўтамабільная мыйка
rdfs:label:ia	Lavage de automobiles
rdfs:label:et	Autopesu
rdfs:label:fi	Autopesu
rdfs:label:nds	Autowaschstraat
rdfs:label:fur	Lavaç machinis
rdfs:label:mk	Автоперална
rdfs:label:ar	غسيل سيارات
rdfs:label:arz	غسيل سيارات
rdfs:label:pl	Myjnia samochodowa
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/CarWash
label	CarWash
