lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/FastFood/key/amenity/value/fast_food
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:da	Fastfood
rdfs:label:hu	Gyorsétterem
rdfs:label:sk	Rýchle občerstvenie
rdfs:label:vi	Nhà hàng Ăn nhanh
rdfs:label:arz	وجبات سريعة
rdfs:label:ar	وجبات سريعة
rdfs:label:zh-Hant	快餐
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	快餐
rdfs:label:tr	Büfe / Fast Food
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Brza hrana
rdfs:label:ru	Палатка с едой
rdfs:label:uk	Забігайлівка
rdfs:label:fi	Pikaruoka
rdfs:label:et	Kiirtoit
rdfs:label:hsb	Přikuski
rdfs:label:sv	Snabbmat
rdfs:label:de	Schnellimbiss
rdfs:label:cs	Rychlé občerstvení
rdfs:label:ca	Menjar ràpid
rdfs:label:ast	Comida rápida
rdfs:label:gl	Comida rápida
rdfs:label:es	Comida rápida
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Забягайлаўка
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Fast Food
rdfs:label:mk	Брза храна
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Брза храна
rdfs:label:nds	Fast Food
rdfs:label:ms	Makanan Segera
rdfs:label:en-GB	Fast Food
rdfs:label:it	Fast Food
rdfs:label:lt	Greitas maistas
rdfs:label:pt	Fast Food
rdfs:label:br	Fast Food
rdfs:label:pl	Fast Food
rdfs:label:dsb	Pójědankarnja
rdfs:label:aln	Ushqim I shpejtë
rdfs:label:nl	Fast food
rdfs:label:ia	Fast food
rdfs:label:sl	Hitra hrana
rdfs:label:no	Hurtigmat
rdfs:label:fr	Restauration rapide
rdfs:label:hr	Fast food
rdfs:label:ja	ファストフード
rdfs:label:he	מזון מהיר
rdfs:label:af	Wegneemetes
rdfs:label:is	Skyndibitastaðurinn
rdfs:label:el	Ταχυφαγείο
rdfs:label:lv	Bistro
rdfs:label:eu	Janari Azkarra
rdfs:label:ka	სწრაფი კვება
rdfs:label:tl	Kainang Pangmabilisan
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/FastFood
label	FastFood
