lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/FerryTerminal/key/amenity/value/ferry_terminal
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:es	Terminal de ferrys
rdfs:label:fi	Lauttaterminaali
rdfs:label:hr	Trajektni terminal
rdfs:label:en-GB	Ferry Terminal
rdfs:label:he	מסוף מעבורת
rdfs:label:arz	مرسى عبّارة
rdfs:label:ar	مرسى عبّارة
rdfs:label:ka	ბორანის სადგური
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Паромная станцыя
rdfs:label:hu	Kompkikötő
rdfs:label:mk	Ферибот-терминал
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Terminal de barca
rdfs:label:vi	Trạm Phà
rdfs:label:nds	Fährterminal
rdfs:label:sl	Trajekt
rdfs:label:de	Fähren-Anlaufstelle
rdfs:label:af	Veerterminaal
rdfs:label:gl	Terminal de transbordadores
rdfs:label:hsb	Přewozny přistaw
rdfs:label:tr	Feribot Terminali
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Skela
rdfs:label:no	Ferjeterminal
rdfs:label:dsb	Pśewózny pśistaw
rdfs:label:uk	Поромна станція
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	轮渡码头
rdfs:label:lv	Prāmju termināls
rdfs:label:ru	Паромная станция
rdfs:label:da	Færgeterminal
rdfs:label:eu	Ferry terminal
rdfs:label:sk	Terminál trajektu
rdfs:label:sv	Färjeterminal
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Скела
rdfs:label:tl	Himpilan ng Barkong Pangtawid
rdfs:label:pl	Terminal promowy
rdfs:label:br	Porzh karrlistri
rdfs:label:aln	Terminali i Trageteve
rdfs:label:ca	Terminal de Ferry
rdfs:label:ms	Terminal Feri
rdfs:label:it	Terminal traghetti
rdfs:label:cs	Přístaviště přívozu
rdfs:label:ia	Terminal de ferry
rdfs:label:fr	Terminal de ferry
rdfs:label:ja	フェリー乗り場
rdfs:label:nl	Veerterminal
rdfs:label:ast	Terminal de ferry
rdfs:label:lt	Keltų terminalas
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/FerryTerminal
label	FerryTerminal
