lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/FuneralDirectors/key/shop/value/funeral_directors
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Shop
rdfs:label:en-GB	Funeral Directors
rdfs:label:ia	Directores de pompas funebre
rdfs:label:de	Bestattungsunternehmen
rdfs:label:vi	Nhà tang lễ
rdfs:label:aln	drejtor funeral
rdfs:label:he	בית לוויות
rdfs:label:ca	Funeral d'administració
rdfs:label:hu	Temetkezési vállalkozó
rdfs:label:uk	Ритуальні послуги
rdfs:label:mk	Погребална служба
rdfs:label:br	Kañvlidoù
rdfs:label:es	Funeraria
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Паслугі па пахаваньні
rdfs:label:ast	Servicios funerarios
rdfs:label:hr	Pogrebno poduzeće
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Pogrebno preduzeće
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Capela Mortuária
rdfs:label:hsb	Pochowanski wustaw
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	丧葬
rdfs:label:cs	Pohřební služba
rdfs:label:sv	Begravningsbyrå
rdfs:label:zh-Hant	殮葬服務
rdfs:label:nl	Uitvaartcentrum
rdfs:label:af	Begrafnisondernemer
rdfs:label:fi	Hautausurakoitsija
rdfs:label:ar	وكلاء ترتيبات جنازة
rdfs:label:arz	وكلاء ترتيبات جنازة
rdfs:label:tl	Mga Direktor ng Punerarya
rdfs:label:ru	Похоронное бюро
rdfs:label:fr	Pompes funèbres
rdfs:label:sk	Pohrebníctvo
rdfs:label:it	Agenzia funebre
rdfs:label:da	Begravelsesforretning
rdfs:label:no	Begravelsesforretning
rdfs:label:sl	Pogrebni zavod
rdfs:label:dsb	Zakopowański institut
rdfs:label:lv	Apbedīšanas birojs
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Погребно предузеће
rdfs:label:pl	Zakłady pogrzebowe
rdfs:label:gl	Tanatorio
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/FuneralDirectors
label	FuneralDirectors
