lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/LevelCrossing/key/railway/value/level_crossing
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/RailwayThing
rdfs:label:cs	Železniční přejezd
rdfs:label:arz	تقاطع سكك حديدية
rdfs:label:ar	تقاطع سكك حديدية
rdfs:label:ca	Pas a nivell
rdfs:label:it	Passaggio a livello
rdfs:label:ja	踏切
rdfs:label:fur	Passaç a nivel
rdfs:label:da	Jernbaneoverskæring
rdfs:label:af	Gelykvloerse kruising
rdfs:label:et	Raudtee ülesõidukoht
rdfs:label:tl	Patag na Tawiran
rdfs:label:ast	Pasu a nivel
rdfs:label:sl	Prehod
rdfs:label:nl	Spoorwegovergang
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Пружни прелаз
rdfs:label:tr	Demiryolu Geçidi
rdfs:label:lt	Pervaža
rdfs:label:he	מפגש מסילת ברזל וכביש
rdfs:label:no	Planovergang
rdfs:label:fr	Passage à niveau
rdfs:label:de	Eisenbahnkreuzung
rdfs:label:uk	Залізничний переїзд
rdfs:label:fi	Tasoristeys
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Passagem em nível
rdfs:label:ia	Passage a nivello
rdfs:label:mk	Надвозник
rdfs:label:en-GB	Level Crossing
rdfs:label:pl	Przejazd kolejowy
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Pružni prelaz
rdfs:label:br	Treuzenn hent-houarn
rdfs:label:es	Paso a nivel
rdfs:label:gl	Paso a nivel
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	平交道口
rdfs:label:vi	Điểm giao Đường sắt
rdfs:label:hr	Pružni prijelaz
rdfs:label:hsb	Železniski přechod
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Чыгуначны пераезд
rdfs:label:ru	Железнодорожный переезд
rdfs:label:hu	Vasúti átjáró
rdfs:label:dsb	Zeleznicowy pśechod
rdfs:label:sk	Železničný prejazd
rdfs:label:aln	Kalim në nivel
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/LevelCrossing
label	LevelCrossing
