lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Nightclub/key/amenity/value/nightclub
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:no	Nattklubb
rdfs:label:sv	Nattklubb
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Casa noturna/Boate
rdfs:label:vi	Câu lạc bộ Đêm
rdfs:label:pl	Klub nocny
rdfs:label:eu	Gau-klub
rdfs:label:nl	Nachtclub
rdfs:label:nds	Nachtclub
rdfs:label:ja	ナイトクラブ
rdfs:label:uk	Нічний клуб
rdfs:label:ka	ღამის კლუბი
rdfs:label:gl	Club nocturno
rdfs:label:es	Club nocturno
rdfs:label:it	Locale notturno
rdfs:label:hr	Noćni klub
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Noćni klub
rdfs:label:zh-Hant	夜總會
rdfs:label:af	Nagklub
rdfs:label:tr	Gece Kulübü
rdfs:label:sl	Nočni klub
rdfs:label:mk	Ноќен клуб
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Ноћни клуб
rdfs:label:hu	Éjszakai bár
rdfs:label:ar	نادي ليلي
rdfs:label:hsb	Nócny klub
rdfs:label:et	Ööklubi
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	夜总会
rdfs:label:fi	Yökerho
rdfs:label:sk	Nočný klub
rdfs:label:br	Klub-noz
rdfs:label:ms	Kelab Malam
rdfs:label:lv	Naktsklubs
rdfs:label:ru	ночной клуб
rdfs:label:ast	Sala de fiestes
rdfs:label:da	Natklub
rdfs:label:dsb	Nocny klub
rdfs:label:de	Nachtklub
rdfs:label:tl	Alibangbang
rdfs:label:ca	Club nocturn
rdfs:label:cs	Noční klub
rdfs:label:fr	Boîte de nuit
rdfs:label:en-GB	Night Club
rdfs:label:aln	Night Club
rdfs:label:el	Night Club
rdfs:label:ia	Club nocturne
rdfs:label:arz	نادى ليلي
rdfs:label:lt	Naktinis klubas
rdfs:label:is	Næturklúbbur
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Начны клюб
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Nightclub
label	Nightclub
