lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/PublicBuilding/key/amenity/value/public_building
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:he	מבנה ציבור
rdfs:label:en-GB	Public Building
rdfs:label:aln	Publike Ndërtimi
rdfs:label:tl	Pangmadlang Gusali
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Грамадзкі будынак
rdfs:label:ms	Bangunan Awam
rdfs:label:ast	Edificiu públicu
rdfs:label:hu	Középület
rdfs:label:fur	Edifici public
rdfs:label:fi	Julkinen rakennus
rdfs:label:da	Offentlig bygning
rdfs:label:no	Offentlig bygning
rdfs:label:nl	Openbaar gebouw
rdfs:label:ka	საჯარო შენობა
rdfs:label:vi	Tòa nhà Công cộng
rdfs:label:ia	Edificio public
rdfs:label:sv	Offentlig byggnad
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Edifício público
rdfs:label:arz	مبنى عام
rdfs:label:ar	مبنى عام
rdfs:label:br	Savadur foran
rdfs:label:af	Openbare gebou
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	公共建筑
rdfs:label:cs	Veřejná budova
rdfs:label:sl	Javne zgradba
rdfs:label:es	Edificio público
rdfs:label:gl	Edificio público
rdfs:label:tr	Kamu Binası
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Ustanova
rdfs:label:hr	Ustanova
rdfs:label:pl	Budynek publiczny
rdfs:label:de	Öffentliches Gebäude
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Установа
rdfs:label:lv	Sabiedriskā ēka
rdfs:label:ja	公共建築物
rdfs:label:mk	Јавен објект
rdfs:label:fr	Bâtiment public
rdfs:label:ca	Edifici públic
rdfs:label:it	Edificio pubblico
rdfs:label:eu	Eraikin publiko
rdfs:label:ru	общественное здание
rdfs:label:sk	Verejná budova
rdfs:label:lt	Visuomeninis pastatas
rdfs:label:hsb	Zjawne twarjenje
rdfs:label:dsb	Zjawne twarjenje
rdfs:label:uk	Громадський заклад
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/PublicBuilding
label	PublicBuilding
