lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/RailwayStation/key/railway/value/station
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/RailwayThing
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Чыгуначная станцыя
rdfs:label:tr	Tren istasyonu
rdfs:label:lt	Geležinkelio stotis
rdfs:label:fi	Rautatieasema
rdfs:label:ru	Железнодорожная станция
rdfs:label:ia	Station ferroviari
rdfs:label:no	Jernbanestasjon
rdfs:label:pl	Stacja kolejowa
rdfs:label:cs	Železniční stanice
rdfs:label:ar	محطة قطار
rdfs:label:vi	Nhà ga
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Estação de Trem
rdfs:label:en-GB	Railway Station
rdfs:label:ca	Estació de tren
rdfs:label:ast	Estación de tren
rdfs:label:uk	Залізнична станція
rdfs:label:tl	Himpilan ng Daambakal
rdfs:label:br	Porzh-houarn
rdfs:label:sk	Železničná stanica
rdfs:label:gl	Estación de ferrocarril
rdfs:label:sl	Železniška postaja
rdfs:label:nl	Spoorwegstation
rdfs:label:arz	محطه قطار
rdfs:label:el	Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός
rdfs:label:es	Estación de trenes
rdfs:label:mk	Железничка станица
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Железничка станица
rdfs:label:eu	Tren Geltokia
rdfs:label:de	Bahnhof
rdfs:label:ka	რკინიგზის სადგური
rdfs:label:ms	Stesen Keretapi
rdfs:label:et	Raudteejaam
rdfs:label:dsb	Dwórnišćo
rdfs:label:hsb	Dwórnišćo
rdfs:label:fur	Stazion de ferade
rdfs:label:he	תחנת רכבת
rdfs:label:hr	Željeznički kolodvor
rdfs:label:sv	Tågstation
rdfs:label:ja	鉄道駅
rdfs:label:aln	Stacion hekurudhor
rdfs:label:fr	Gare ferroviaire
rdfs:label:da	Jernbanestation
rdfs:label:it	Stazione ferroviaria
rdfs:label:hu	Vasútállomás
rdfs:label:af	Spoorwegstasie
rdfs:label:lv	Dzelzceļa stacija
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Železnička stanica
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	火车站
rdfs:label:lb	Gare (Eisebunn)
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/RailwayStation
label	RailwayStation
