lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/SportsCentre/key/leisure/value/sports_centre
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:ca	Centre esportiu
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	体育馆
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Sportski centar
rdfs:label:hr	Sportski centar
rdfs:label:pl	Centrum sportowe
rdfs:label:br	Kreizenn sport
rdfs:label:vi	Trung tâm Thể thao
rdfs:label:aln	Qendër Sportive
rdfs:label:ms	Pusat Sukan
rdfs:label:fr	Centre sportif
rdfs:label:af	Sport-sentrum
rdfs:label:et	Spordikeskus
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Centro Esportivo
rdfs:label:mk	Спортски центар
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Спортски центар
rdfs:label:en-GB	Sports Centre
rdfs:label:ru	Спортивный центр
rdfs:label:fi	Urheilukeskus
rdfs:label:sk	Športové stredisko
rdfs:label:arz	مركز رياضي
rdfs:label:ar	مركز رياضي
rdfs:label:sv	Sporthall
rdfs:label:no	Sportssenter
rdfs:label:cs	Sportovní centrum
rdfs:label:de	Sportzentrum
rdfs:label:nds	Sportzentrum
rdfs:label:it	Centro sportivo
rdfs:label:hu	Sportközpont
rdfs:label:tl	Lunduyang Pampalakasan
rdfs:label:ia	Centro sportive
rdfs:label:pt	Centro Desportivo
rdfs:label:ka	სპორტული ცენტრი
rdfs:label:lt	Sporto centras
rdfs:label:sl	Športni center
rdfs:label:hsb	Sportowy centrum
rdfs:label:dsb	Sportowy centrum
rdfs:label:uk	Спортивний центр
rdfs:label:is	Íþróttamiðstöðin
rdfs:label:gl	Centro deportivo
rdfs:label:es	Centro deportivo
rdfs:label:lv	Sporta centrs
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Спартовы цэнтар
rdfs:label:tr	Spor Merkezi
rdfs:label:eu	Kiroldegi
rdfs:label:ast	Centru deportivu
rdfs:label:nl	Sportcentrum
rdfs:label:da	Sportscenter
rdfs:label:el	Αθλητικό Κέντρο
rdfs:label:ja	スポーツセンター
rdfs:label:fur	Centri sportîf
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/SportsCentre
label	SportsCentre
