lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Veterinary/key/amenity/value/veterinary
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Amenity
rdfs:label:lt	Veterinarijos chirurgija
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	兽医
rdfs:label:fi	Eläinlääkäri
rdfs:label:el	Κτηνιατρική Χειρουργική
rdfs:label:hu	Állatorvosi rendelő
rdfs:label:tr	Veteriner
rdfs:label:hr	Veterinar
rdfs:label:ru	Ветеринарная клиника
rdfs:label:ar	جراحة بيطرية
rdfs:label:af	Veearts
rdfs:label:mk	Ветеринарна клиника
rdfs:label:fur	Veterinari
rdfs:label:ca	Veterinari
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Вэтэрынарная клініка
rdfs:label:ka	ვეტერინარული კლინიკა
rdfs:label:tl	Paninistis na Pangbeterinarya
rdfs:label:cs	Veterinární ordinace
rdfs:label:he	מרפאה וטרינרית
rdfs:label:de	Tierarzt
rdfs:label:en-GB	Veterinary Surgery
rdfs:label:uk	Ветлікарня
rdfs:label:hsb	Zwěrjacy lěkar
rdfs:label:nl	Dierenarts
rdfs:label:dsb	Skótny gójc
rdfs:label:ms	Doktor Haiwan
rdfs:label:aln	Kirurgji Veterinare
rdfs:label:sl	Veterinarska klinika
rdfs:label:pl	Chirurgia weterynaryjna
rdfs:label:no	Veterinærklinikk
rdfs:label:it	Veterinario
rdfs:label:lv	Veterinārā ķirurģija
rdfs:label:vi	Phẫu thuật Thú y
rdfs:label:es	Clínica veterinaria
rdfs:label:gl	Clínica veterinaria
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Clínica veterinária
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Ветеринарска хирургија
rdfs:label:arz	جراحه بيطرية
rdfs:label:ia	Clinica veterinari
rdfs:label:fr	Chirurgie vétérinaire
rdfs:label:ast	Ciruxía veterinaria
rdfs:label:sk	Veterinárna ordinácia
rdfs:label:da	Dyrlæge
rdfs:label:sv	Veterinär
rdfs:label:br	Surjianerezh evit al loened
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Veterinarska hirurgija
rdfs:label:ja	獣医外科
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Veterinary
label	Veterinary
