lgdm:sourceTag	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Viewpoint/key/tourism/value/viewpoint
rdfs:subClassOf	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/TourismThing
rdfs:label:ru	Смотровая площадка
rdfs:label:lb	Aussiichtspunkt
rdfs:label:cs	Místo s dobrým výhledem
rdfs:label:en-GB	Viewpoint
rdfs:label:nl	Bijzonder uitzicht
rdfs:label:ca	Mirador
rdfs:label:es	Mirador
rdfs:label:ast	Mirador
rdfs:label:pt-BR	Mirador
rdfs:label:af	Uitkykpunt
rdfs:label:uk	Оглядовий майданчик
rdfs:label:sl	Razgledna točka
rdfs:label:zh-Hans	景点
rdfs:label:eu	Behatoki
rdfs:label:ia	Puncto de vista
rdfs:label:pl	Punkt widokowy
rdfs:label:fr	Point de vue
rdfs:label:tl	Tuldok ng pananaw
rdfs:label:sk	Rozhľadňa, výhliadka
rdfs:label:mk	Видиковец
rdfs:label:he	נקודת תצפית
rdfs:label:no	Utsiktspunkt
rdfs:label:sv	Utsiktspunkt
rdfs:label:lv	Skatu punkts
rdfs:label:arz	موقع كاشف
rdfs:label:ar	موقع كاشف
rdfs:label:lt	Apžvalgos aikštelė
rdfs:label:de	Aussichtspunkt
rdfs:label:vi	Thắng cảnh
rdfs:label:dsb	Rozglědanišćo
rdfs:label:hr	Vidikovac
rdfs:label:sr-EL	Vidikovac
rdfs:label:fur	Pont panoramic
rdfs:label:br	Gwelva
rdfs:label:da	Udsigtspunkt
rdfs:label:gl	Miradoiro
rdfs:label:be-tarask	Аглядальная пляцоўка
rdfs:label:fi	Näköalapaikka
rdfs:label:sr-EC	Видиковац
rdfs:label:it	Punto panoramico
rdfs:label:hu	Kilátó
rdfs:label:tr	Panoramik view
rdfs:label:hsb	Wuhladnišćo
rdfs:label:aln	Pike shikimi
url	http://linkedgeodata.org/ontology/Viewpoint
label	Viewpoint
